- [Instructor] H+Sport Drink's IT manager
has been ecstatic so far about the success of using WebLogic
but has had some concerns with the pricing
and wants to investigate using JBoss EAP
or WildFly and their available features.
Red Hat has two application server platforms for use:
JBoss and WildFly.
JBoss EAP, or JBoss Enterprise Application Platform,
is Red Hat's commercial-license application server.
It's fully tested and production ready.
Currently, it's at version 7.1.
WildFly, which was renamed
from JBoss AS, or JBoss Application Server,
on the other hand, is Red Hat's free community edition
Java enterprise application server.
WildFly is currently at version 15.
As of version 14, however, WildFly was certified
as a Java EE 8 full-platform compatible implementation
as well as a Java EE 8
web-profile compatible implementation.
With version 15 as December 2018,
Red Hat aims to contribute to the rollout of Java EE 8,
support and polish its support for JDK 11,
which means in theory it contains Java EE 8
application server functionality
but is not fully tested or certified as of yet.
JBoss EAP, on the other hand, is downstream
of all the new development whizzbang features of WildFly
and, as such, is always slightly behind
those latest improvements.
This also mans that Java EE certifications will differ.
Currently, JBoss EAP is certified at Java EE 7
full-platform compatible implementation
and a Java EE 7 web-profile compatible implementation.
JBoss EAP supports JDK 1.8,
including these six alternative JDKs.
The licensing agreement of JBoss EAP
actually prohibits downloading trial versions
to make training videos
and can only be used for development purposes.
We will be focusing on WildFly,
and because WildFly version 15
is also fully JEE 8 certified,
we'll be using it.
Even without that justification,
the reason for choosing WildFly
is because it is free, open source,
innovative, current, fast, and lightweight.
I want to caution you.
If you use WildFly production,
and this really goes for any application server,
like Tomcat, TomEE, GlassFish, or WebLogic,
it is always a good idea to implement
a complete monitoring and alerting infrastructure
against the application environment
so you can analyze and troubleshoot
any issue that may arise.